{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red42\green44\blue51;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;\cssrgb\c21961\c22745\c25882;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We need to revamp our UI to an extent. follow this advice and do the dashboard first and then we will move on from there.\
### Avoiding Corporate Blandness1. **Balance:**   - Find a balance between a clean design and maintaining a welcoming feel. Natural colors and human-centric imagery can soften the corporate feel.2. **Dynamic Elements:**   - Incorporate dynamic elements like progress circles, charts, or graphs for visual interest and engaging data presentation.By addressing these areas, the dashboard will not only look more polished and authoritative but also serve its purpose more effectively for staff and volunteers.\
### Professional Authority and Design Confidence1. **Iconography:**   - Use a consistent and professional icon set. Ensure icons align with the brand\'92s tone and the overall design.2. **Visual Hierarchy:**   - Improve the visual hierarchy by balancing text, colors, and whitespace. Boldly highlight key statistics or data points that are of critical importance.3. **Card Design:**   - Redesign cards with sharper lines, minimal shadows, and enhanced contrast for a more professional look.4. **Brand Integration:**   - Subtly integrate branding elements, such as logos or brand colors, to maintain a cohesive identity while adding credibility.\
\
### Typography1. **Hierarchy and Variation:**   - Use typography to establish a clear hierarchy. Differentiate headings, subheadings, and body text through size and weight variations.   - Consider using a more professional, modern typeface with better readability and sophistication.2. **Consistency:**   - Maintain consistent font sizes and styles for same-level headings and text throughout the dashboard to avoid a \'93patchwork\'94 appearance.\
\
### Use of Color1. **Color Palette:**   - Introduce a more sophisticated, limited color palette. Use shades of a limited range of colors to enhance cohesion.   - Use color strategically to emphasize hierarchy and status indicators. Consider more subtle approaches for secondary information.2. **Accent Colors:**   - Refine accent colors to help guide the user\'92s eye. Use brighter colors sparingly for calls-to-action or critical alerts only.\
### Visual Design Elements and Layout1. **Grid and Alignment:**   - Utilize a strict grid system to ensure elements are well-aligned and consistent. This will help achieve a cleaner and more organized look.   - Align text and icons within cards to a more consistent baseline.2. **Spacing:**   - Increase uniformity in spacing between elements to create breathing room and clarity.   - Ensure equal padding within cards to improve readability.3. **Component Consistency:**   - Standardize the size and appearance of buttons and input fields for uniformity.   - Ensure icons and text sizes are consistent across similar interactive elements.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DO NOT do any of these things that break apps:"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 File Management Disasters:
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 - DO NOT rename or move existing files\
- DO NOT delete any existing CSS classes (add new ones)\
- DO NOT reorganize folder structure\
- DO NOT create new component files unless I specifically ask\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 \
Dependency Hell:
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 - DO NOT install new packages or libraries\
- DO NOT update existing package versions\
- DO NOT add new imports without checking if they exist\
- DO NOT remove existing imports\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 \
CSS Cascade Destruction:
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 - DO NOT use !important overrides\
- DO NOT modify global CSS that affects other pages\
- DO NOT change existing CSS variable names\
- DO NOT remove existing CSS classes other components might use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 \
HTML Structure Mayhem:
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 - DO NOT change existing element IDs or data attributes\
- DO NOT remove existing className props from React components\
- DO NOT change the component hierarchy or nesting\
- DO NOT add new HTML elements inside form controls\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 \
JavaScript Logic Tampering:
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 - DO NOT modify useState or useEffect hooks\
- DO NOT change prop names or data structures\
- DO NOT alter conditional rendering logic\
- DO NOT modify event handlers or onClick functions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 \
Build System Breakage:
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 - DO NOT modify package.json, webpack config, or build scripts\
- DO NOT change environment variables or config files\
- DO NOT alter the deployment setup\
}